okay it's real easy to only look for the
baseball with your front on okay I'm
turning this play and but I really want
to see the ball with two eyes have to
see with two eyes there's you're gonna
get a much better look at the pitch
you're gonna see the whole lot better
you're gonna make a lot better decision
on whether to swing and win to swing
you're tiny and so seeing the ball so
important I'll talk about over and over
that has to be our focus when we're at
the plate so how can we get better at
this tell you so you can take a stocking
hat two ball could have whatever you
want to call it okay put it over your
head put it over your front eye and go
ahead and take swings what this is going
to do if you can't see out your front I
it's gonna force you to really turn your
head a little more and really see it
with your back ox sometimes we don't
utilize our back I seen the ball as well
as possible so you can use a stock you
have to do that you can use just close
your front on okay and you're gonna
realize how much harder you have to
concentrate and utilize your back eye to
see the ball and be successful when you
open up that front line after a few
swings you're going to be amazed at the
difference on how much you lock in on
the baseball because you're used to not
having your front up now that you have
both sides you still have that intense
focus on seeing the ball the whole
flight of the pitch wherever you're
getting the ball from the whole time you
have that intense hunger to kids focus
for both I seen the ball the whole way
you're gonna have a
and success you're gonna understand
where to put the barrel right place and
right time where Nisour the barrel is
going to be off the charts and you're
gonna have great success as a hitter so
use the front eye closed drill to really
accelerate your success because you're
gonna be tracking the pitch the whole
time you're not going to get full time
it's gonna be much better you're going
to be a much better hitter overall run I
hear real clothes use it and watch how
much better you see the ball make sure
you look below click subscribe click on
athlete hitting calm three three-part
video series for increasing your bat
speed go there right now until then keep
working you find a barrel all day